the show they said dear mr. Baker is a
shot e'en myself I couldn't help but
notice that you've answered requests
that have given several handicapped
people the chance to prove that they
could overcome their difficulties
they're encouraged you to see how the
portrait artist with polio and others
have managed do so well I've heard now
of an entertainer with only one leg who
is quite a sensational dancer I don't
know his name
but if you can find him I would like to
see how he does it sincerely
Marion Hall well Marion of course
there's only one thought in the world
who could answer your description there
and we did find him his name is Henry
hurt now he does the intricate dance
steps with only one leg I don't know why
I guess it's seeing is believing so here
he is Herbert heard in his first TV
appearance coast-to-coast because you
asked for it
thank you thank you and now Marion mall
we would like to do for you the Rumba
and now we would like to do for you Mary
Ann Hall a little number I started
around New York City in this number we
feature the Applejack the boogie the
rang Tang dueling the hook above we hope
you'll enjoy this lose numbers and title
the boogie-woogie